Update hotel world (#98)
open-rmf/rmf_demos: README.md

ros2 launch rmf_demos_gz clinic.launch.xml
```

> Open [RMF Panel](https://open-rmf.github.io/rmf-panel-js/). Load the `clinic_tasks.json` list and click submit to begin a collection of loop and delivery tasks.

Reviewer: Can we make `clinic_tasks.json` a link to the file?

### Hotel World

This hotel world consists of a lobby and 2 guest levels. The hotel has two lifts, multiple doors and 3 robot fleets (4 robots).

> This is a good demonstration of multiple branded robots with various capability working together in a building with multiple floors setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demonstrates an integration of multiple fleets of robots with varying capabilities working together in a multi-level building.
```
